# <p style="text-align:center">**Terms of Use**</p>
## <p style="text-align:center">**Last Modified October 2025**</p>


The below terms and conditions govern your access to and use of [app.triviyagame.com](https://app.triviyagame.com/) and related websites or applications, including any content, functionality, and services offered on or through the same (collectively, the “Application”). The Application, along with any services and functionalities offered through the Application may collectively be referred to as “Services” herein. 

Within this policy, “you” or “User” means a user of the Application, and “we” or “us” refers to Kramer Gaming, the provider of the Services. 

By using the Application, or by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms of Use when this option is made available to you, you accept and agree to be bound by and to abide by these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, found at [app.triviyagame.com/privacy-policy](/privacy-policy), incorporated herein by reference (together, the “Policy”). If you do not want to agree to the Policy at any time, you must not continue to access or use the Application. 

The Services are offered only to individuals aged 18 or older who are located in the United States.

1. **<ins>General</ins>**. We may revise and update this Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them, or if required by law, when we provide notice to you of such changes. Such changes apply to all access to and use of the Services thereafter, and your continued use of the Services means that you accept and agree to the changes. We will send any notices and messages to you via the email address you provide to us when creating an Account on the Application, and you agree to keep your contact information up to date. You are also subject to any additional posted policies and rules related to specific Services and features which may be presented to you at the time of accessing and/or using such Services or features. All such policies are incorporated by reference into this Policy and made part of this Policy. 

2. **<ins>Provision of Services</ins>**. We reserve the right to withdraw or amend any portion of the Services in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Services is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some or all parts of the Services, to some or all Users. 

3. **<ins>Your Account</ins>.** Users are required to make an account to use certain Services we offer (each, an “Account”). Without an Account, you may only be able to view our homepage and general information about our Application and Services. For clarity, this Policy applies to all Users, with or without an Account, except as otherwise set forth in specific provisions. If you do create an Account, you must provide true, accurate, current, and complete information when creating the Account, and you agree to promptly update Account information in the event it changes. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any password you choose; you should not provide your Account information to any other person. Your Account may be used only by you personally. You are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your Account. 

4. **<ins>Use Restrictions</ins>.** Users shall not (i) use the Services in any manner that damages, disables, overburdens, or impairs the Services, or interferes with any other party's use of the Services, or in any other manner that is unlawful or prohibited by this policy; (ii) scrape information, data, or content made available through the Services, by any means, manually or through a software program; (ii) create an Account for anyone other than yourself, or give or allow anyone else access to your Account; (iv) access data of a third party through the Services not intended for you; or (v) lease, distribute, license, transfer, sell, or otherwise commercially exploit the Services or your access to the same. 

5. **<ins>Payment and Billing</ins>**. If you access any Services for which we require payment, as presented to you prior to the use of such Services, you agree to pay Kramer Gaming the amounts presented to and selected by you should you decide to access such Services. All payments for the Services are final and non-refundable. If you agree to a recurring payment and save a payment method to your Account, you hereby consent to Kramer Gaming charging that payment method without any further consent from you, pursuant to the terms of the recurring payment as presented to you (unless and until you terminate your Account). You may be directed to a third-party payment provider website or application (each, a “Payment Processor”) to complete payments, and you should review the payment policies of such Payment Processor in such cases. If you have the option to complete a payment directly through the Application, we may engage a Payment Processor to process such payments on our behalf, and you should review the policies of that Payment Processor. We reserve the right to invoice any taxes to you if we are obliged to collect or pay taxes based upon your purchase. 

6. **<ins>Intellectual Property</ins>**. As between Kramer Gaming and you, Kramer Gaming owns all of the intellectual property rights related to and incorporated within the Services, and certain aspects of the Services are or may be protected or protectible under applicable intellectual property laws and regulations. You agree you will not try to discover any software code, or reverse engineer any portion, of the Services. You will not attempt to copy or make derivatives of the content presented on the Services, whether for your own use or to provide the same to others. You agree that all of Kramer Gaming's trademarks, trade names, service marks, trade dress, and other Kramer Gaming logos and brand features, and product and service names, are the property of Kramer Gaming (the "Kramer Gaming Marks"). You agree not to display or use in any manner the Kramer Gaming Marks, or any other materials offered on or through the Services, without prior written consent from Kramer Gaming. You agree not create derivative works based on the Services. All rights not expressly granted herein are fully reserved by Kramer Gaming.

7. **<ins>Feedback</ins>**. You agree that if you provide us any comments about the Services, and/or any suggested revisions, additions, ideas, or developments to the Services (collectively, "Feedback"), such Feedback shall be the sole and exclusive property of Kramer Gaming, and you will have no right, title or interest of any kind or nature therein or thereto, or in and to any results and proceeds therefrom. 

8. **<ins>Suspension and Termination</ins>**. You may terminate your use of the Services at any time by logging into your Account if you have one, and terminating your Account when such option is made available to you; otherwise, you may contact us at the email address set forth in this policy to terminate your Account, or reach out to <hello@triviyagame.com>. You agree that Kramer Gaming may, without prior notice, immediately terminate, suspend, or otherwise limit your access to or use of the Services, by terminating your Account or otherwise, for any reason or no reason, including as a result of breaches or violations of this Policy. 

9. **<ins>Disclaimer</ins>.** KRAMER GAMING MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE SERVICES, THE SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON OR RECEIVED THROUGH USE OF THE SERVICES, OR ANY RESULTS RECEIVED OR ACHIEVED THROUGH THE SERVICES. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE. KRAMER GAMING SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE SECURE, ACCURATE, RELIABLE, FREE OF HARMFUL CODE, OR ERROR FREE. 

10. **<ins>Limitation of Liability</ins>.** UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL KRAMER GAMING OR ITS AFFILIATES, OPERATORS, OR REPRESENTATIVES, BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SERVICES, HOWEVER ARISING. SHOULD KRAMER GAMING BE FOUND LIABLE TO ANY USER UNDER ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION, EACH USER AGREES THAT IN ANY CASE, THE MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF DAMAGES THAT KRAMER GAMING MAY BE LIABLE FOR ARISING FROM THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF THE APPLICATION OR SERVICES WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF \$100.00. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LIABILITY IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW OF SUCH JURISDICTION.

11. **<ins>Indemnification</ins>.** You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Kramer Gaming, along with its affiliates, operators, and representatives, from all liabilities, claims, demands, and expenses, including attorney's fees, made by any third party that arise from (i) your use of the Services, (ii) your violation of this Policy, and (iii) your violation of any rights or policies of another party. Kramer Gaming reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you shall cooperate with Kramer Gaming in asserting any available defenses.

12. **<ins>Governing Law</ins>**. This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Indiana without giving effect to the conflicts or choice of law provisions thereof. Any action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based upon any right arising out of, this Agreement shall be brought in any court of appropriate jurisdiction in Marion County, Indiana.

13. **<ins>Entire Agreement</ins>**. This Policy and any terms referenced within this Policy as being incorporated herein, and any other terms you may agree to as you navigate the Application, contain the entire agreement between Kramer Gaming and you as a User of the Services. No other communications, whether direct or indirect, between you and Kramer Gaming will, or are intended to, alter or supersede any provision of this Policy. 

14. **<ins>Waiver and Severability</ins>**. No waiver by Kramer Gaming of any term or condition set out in this Policy shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of Kramer Gaming to assert a right or provision under this Policy shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of this Policy is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of this Policy will continue in full force and effect.

15. **<ins>Comments and Concerns</ins>**. We welcome our Users to reach out with any questions on this Policy by using the following contact email: <hello@triviyagame.com>. 
